Add readme VC description (#61)
membraneframework/video_compositor: README.md

# VideoCompositor

Application for real-time video processing/transforming/composing, providing simple, language-agnostic API for live video rendering.

VideoCompositor targets real-time use cases, like video conferencing, live-streaming, or broadcasting (e.g. with [WebRTC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebRTC) / [HLS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_Live_Streaming) / [RTMP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real-Time_Messaging_Protocol)).

## Features

VideoCompositor receives inputs and sends outputs streams via [RTP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real-time_Transport_Protocol).
HTTP API is used to define how inputs should be transformed and combined to produce desired outputs.

> Currently, we want VideoCompositor to have four types of transformations, that you can combine together:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the initial release, we want VideoCompositor to support those four types of transformations, that you can combine together:
```

- Common transformations - frequently used, already implemented transformations, like layouts, grids, cropping, corners rounding, blending, fading, etc.
- Custom shader transformations - registering and using custom shaders, allowing to adapt VideoCompositor for specific business needs
- Web Rendering - embedding videos in custom websites
- Text Rendering

Currently, the project is under development and API is unstable.

## Examples

Examples source code is under the `examples` directory.

Running examples requires:

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)
- [FFmpeg 6.0](https://ffmpeg.org/download.html)

For better performance, build examples with the [release compilation profile](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ch14-01-release-profiles.html):

```console
cargo run --release --example <example_name>
```

## Supported platforms

> Currently, we support Linux and MacOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linux and MacOS
```
Too much currently

Actions, such as registering inputs, updating `Scene`, and the like, are sent via HTTP request.

The `Scene` contains `input` nodes (inputs streams frames), `transform` nodes (applying effects to frames), and `output` nodes (sending frames in output streams).
Currently, we want VideoCompositor to have the following `transform` types possible in the `Scene`:

- Common video transformations - frequently used, already implemented transformations, like layouts, grids, cropping, corners rounding, blending, fading, etc.
- Custom shader transformations - registering and using custom shaders, allowing to adapt VideoCompositor for specific business needs
- Web Rendering - embedding videos in custom websites
- Text Rendering

## Examples

Examples source code is located in the `examples` directory.

### Installation

Examples use [`FFmpeg`](https://www.ffmpeg.org/) for sending and receiving RTP input/output streams.

#### Rust installation

To install rust run:

```console
curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
```

#### FFmpeg installation

##### Ubuntu

```console

> sudo apt-get install libavcodec-dev libavformat-dev libavutil-dev

Author: I removed those commands from readme

```

##### Arch/Manjaro

```console
pacman -S ffmpeg
```

##### MacOS

```console
brew install ffmpeg
```

### Running

For better performance, build examples with the [release compilation profile](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ch14-01-release-profiles.html):

```console
cargo run --release --example <example_name>

> ```

Author: This was nested inside `Examples`
```markdown
## Examples
...
### Running
```
but I simplified it anyway.
